the Gaza Strip has been witnessing a
severe shortage of medicine for more
than 3 months now behind me is one of
the
pharmacies in uh that has been
completely closed due to the severe
shortage of medicine we're talking about
antibiotics we're talking about flu
medicine we're talking about also
chronic disease medication for chronic
disease patient
I looked everywhere but there is no
medication for diabetes in the area even
if I find one it is of lower
concentration which cannot regulate my
blood sugar levels this caused such
wound you see on my foot it also needs
attention it even requires admission
into hospital but it's not
possible people have been coming to the
pharmacies for more
than 3 months now coming back and forth
to thees asking for medicine but
unfortunately medicine is not coming
into the gazal strip and as much Aid
that is coming into the Gaza Strip as
much as the the pharmacies in the gazal
strip need a lot of medicine to cover
the huge amount of uh medication and
demand in uh the gazal strip we're not
only talking about pharmacies but also
hospitals in the Gaza Strip are also
witnessing a severe shortage of
medication this is
Al make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer